Chase Lewis

1. What line does the program crash on?
	It crashes on line 23/24, my debugging says 24 some funky stuff 
was happening when I would place a breakpoint on the line before. 

2. What is the value of the variable 'number'?
	100

When implementing the dynamic array module for the DynamicArrays.c file, first the 
CreateDArray function had to be coded. The function took in two parameters a pointer to DArray and a unsigned integer IntialSize. So in the function, I first initialized the capacity and entries used of the DArray to 0. After that I created an if-else statement saying if the initial size to make the DArray is less than or equal to 0 there return a message to stderr saying "No allocation needed." Else if Initial size is greater than 0 then allocate memory. The allocated memory is determined by the initial size provided times the size of the data type that the DArray holds. Then I did a null pointer check to catch if the Payload which points holds the pointer to in memory, is null then exit with an error code saying "Memory allocation unsuccessful" and exit with a code. 

Then I implemented PushToDArray. This takes in two parameters: pointer to DArray and pointer to the data to be pushed onto the DArray. First I made an if statement saying that if the entries used is greater than the capacity. If that's the case then the capacity will increase by the constant or define directive "GROWTH_AMOUNT" and a variable called ptr would be used to reallocate the size to the growth amount. Then I made a null pointer checker that would check to see if ptr is null. If it's null then a message would be printed to stderr saying "Memory re-allocation unsuccessful" and exit. Else memcpy with the parameters being the next open spot in the DArray, the data to be pushed on and the size of a single data type used in DArray. Then outside of everything including the first if statement, the entries used increments and I return the index of the last element inserted by return the entries used minus one. 

Lastly the DestroyDArray was implemented. Which was fairly simple by just making entries used and the capacity to 0. Then using the free function to free the heap of the Payload. 